Involving users in web accessibility.
Accessibility is about making your websites
and applications usable by people with disabilities.
That includes your customers, clients, employees,
students, and others.
Unfortunately many approach accessibility
just as a checklist.
This risks missing the real purpose of accessibility
- the user experience.
Involving people with disabilities throughout
your design and development process
can be more effective and yield better results:
designers and developers learn how people with disabilities use the web,
and understand assistive technologies and adaptive strategies they use;
the project team is more motivated when
they understand how their work impacts people's lives;
development is more efficient, and your
products work better for more people,
with and without disability;
and your resulting products are more inclusive
and reach a bigger audience,
have higher customer satisfaction, and demonstrate social responsibility.
"Involving Users in Web Projects for Better,
Easier Accessibility"
provides guidance on project planning,
and throughout the design and development process.
"Involving Users in Evaluating Web Accessibility"
provides more specific guidance on the evaluation stage of the process.
Together these resources help you focus on
accessibility for your website users rather
than focusing on technical requirements only.
Web accessibility: essential for some, useful for all.
For informationon involving users in web accessibility visit w3.org/WAI/involve-users